Beautiful woman you follow me
That's no better than following the poor ghost Lu Wushuang
Much stronger?
Feng Bin
Your coal mine collapsed and killed so many people
Is it done?
Hmph, they're all poor ghosts
What does it matter if he is dead?
Besides, I bought the baby at this auction today.
I will directly give it to Wushuang Supreme
Wait until I get on the line of Peerless Supreme
The entire summer
Nothing I'm afraid of
Peerless Supreme
I won't shelter a black-hearted businessperson like you
You are really a pretty woman
Then dedicate you to Peerless Supreme
Maybe there is a surprise
Just like you, you still want to please Wushuang Supreme
Just saying
What are you?
Your family has been poor for generations
It doesn't even deserve to mention the name of Wushuang Supreme